# Moss-integration
This is a set of short scripts that can be used to connect Moss with codePost. Moss is a tool for assessing similarity between programs provided as an internet service by Stanford University and commonly used to detect instances of plagiarism in programming courses.

## 1. Sending Submissions From codePost to Moss:
Use `sendToMoss.py` to send the submissions corresponding to a single codePost assignment to Moss for processing. To do this, run

```
python3 sendToMoss.py <assignment name> [-m] "[optional Moss arguments]"
```

This script will print to the command line a link which contains the results produced by Moss.

Moss accepts the following optional arguments. 
* `-l language` - the source language of the tested programs
* `-d` - specifies that submissions are organized by directory, not by file
* `-b basefile_1 .... -b baefile_n` - names a "base file"
* `-m #` - sets the maximum number of times a given passage may appear before it is ignored
* `-c "string"` - comment string that will be attached to the report generated by Moss 

Some usage notes:
1. In order to run `sendToMoss.py`, you must have a `moss.pl` file in the directory from which the script is run. See the [Moss website](http://theory.stanford.edu/~aiken/moss/) or the `sendToMoss.py` file for instructions. 
2. Before running, you must edit  `codePost API Key`, `courseName`, and `coursePeriod` constants in `sendToMoss.py`. You can obtain your codePost API key [here](https://codepost.io/settings).
3. For the most accurate code similarity scores, use the `-l <language type>` optional parameter. For example,
  if you are comparing Java files for similarity, use the following `python3 sendToMoss.py <assignmentName> -m "-l java"`. See `moss.pl`
  for a full list of languages accepted by the `-l` parameter.

## 2. Processing Moss results to create codePost comments
After calculating Moss similarity scores using `sendToMoss.py`, the `processMossResults.py` script will allow you to place a codePost comment on each pair of submissions `(sub1, sub2)` for which the similarity between `sub1` and `sub2` exceeds some threshold.

Run the script as follows. 

```
python3 processMossResults.py <MossURL> <threshold>
```

Some usage notes:
1. Before running, you must edit the `codePost API key` constant in `processMossResults.py`. 
2. This script assumes that the directories uploaded to Moss are in the format: `/tmp/<submissionID>_<student(s)>/<fileName>`. The `sendToMoss.py` script will automatically upload directories in this format, so if you used that script, you can ignore this instruction. But if you plan to use this script separately, then you'll want to modify `processMossResults.py` by editing the regexs used to parse Moss results to match your file names.
